Some improvements around tooling and diskspace (#3089)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/space-management.adoc

spacecheck_dirs = /var/lib/pgsql /var/spacewalk /var/cache /srv
----

> For more info about volumes please visit https://documentation.suse.com/suma/5.0/en/suse-manager/installation-and-upgrade/container-management/persistent-container-volumes.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about volumes, see https://documentation.suse.com/suma/5.0/en/suse-manager/installation-and-upgrade/container-management/persistent-container-volumes.html.
```
